http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusCompany
bus company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
political party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrestlingEvent
wrestling event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson
businessperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding
historic building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitarist
guitarist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal
canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason
television season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction
amusement park attraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeneLocation
GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SumoWrestler
sumo wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad
cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGeneLocation
MouseGeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer
poker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution
educational institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train
train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea
archaea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo
ginkgo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonFunction
person function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
information appliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
Playboy Playmate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueEvent
national football league event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember
Organisation member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam
baseball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy
galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal
cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtistDiscography
artist discography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel
record label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneTeam
formula 1 team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater
crater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
american football team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
non-profit organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer
boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project
project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region
region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist
economist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer
swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier
glacier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FieldHockeyLeague
field hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
basketball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse
golf course
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballSeason
baseball season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surname
surname
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
television station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
mineral
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver
racing driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine
σιδηρόδρομος
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nerve
nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason
sports team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison
prison
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
body of water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult
olympic result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportSeason
motorsport season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach
coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament
soccer tournoment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer
photographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tunnel
tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest
Site of Special Scientific Interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem
poem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish
fish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer
table tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler
wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
military structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier
skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium
stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoftballLeague
softball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
manga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
rugby player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam
canadian football team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer
Australian rules football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayTunnel
σιδηροδρομική σήραγγα
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
soccer manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor
mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Motorcycle
motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
ethnic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle
space shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
sports league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion
trade union
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation
radio station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NetballPlayer
netball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicArtist
classical music artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
Christian Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutoRacingLeague
auto racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work
work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete
national collegiate athletic association athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime
anime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lymph
lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGene
HumanGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre
theatre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager
sports manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Election
Election
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion
wine region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sales
sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano
volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SquashPlayer
squash player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
sports team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember
Sports team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballCoach
volleyball coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse
racecourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SolarEclipse
solar eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine
automobile engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadTunnel
road tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel
novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass
mountain pass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival
music festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver
nascar driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge
judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague
soccer league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase
Legal Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterwayTunnel
waterway tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Valley
valley
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BowlingLeague
bowling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
soccer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrumentalist
instrumentalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comics
comics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
village
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague
american football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent
natural event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EurovisionSongContestEntry
Eurovision song contest entry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClubSeason
soccer club season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics
olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam
dam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device
device
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyPlayer
ice hockey player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria
bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseTrainer
horse trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
public transit system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
television show
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague
basketball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance
chemical substance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist
martial artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballTeam
handball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle
castle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
river
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceTrack
race track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer
motorsport racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Historian
historian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel
hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
government agency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueSeason
national football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skater
skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
holiday
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
publisher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese
cheese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote
eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
chemical compound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
hospital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRider
horse rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bodybuilder
bodybuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower
tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
member of parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
fictional character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention
convention
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub
rugby club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament
tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
sport facility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballLeague
handball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase
Supreme Court of the United States case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon
cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
route of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle
muscle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event
event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus
fungus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor
actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter
soap character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Genre
genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
given name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent
agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Name
name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject
research project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon
hollywood cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork
broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/YearInSpaceflight
year in spaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicEvent
olympic event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam
hockey team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGeneLocation
HumanGeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
academic journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Database
Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TimePeriod
time period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterRide
water ride
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador
ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Entomologist
entomologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LaunchPad
launch pad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater
figure skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream
stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioHost
radio host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
celestial body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poet
poet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
sports event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
anatomical structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
television episode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayLeague
speedway league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScreenWriter
screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ligament
ligament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer
volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
medician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer
golf player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament
Women's Tennis Association tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrosseLeague
lacrosse league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InlineHockeyLeague
inline hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChessPlayer
chess player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter
presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Jockey
jockey (horse racer)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingTeam
cycling team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument
monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
populated place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter
painter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vein
vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerChamp
snooker world champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer
baseball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
musical work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague
rugby league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
periodical literature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Curler
curler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation
mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason
football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportCompetitionResult
results of a sport competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayTeam
speedway team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballLeague
volleyball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace
horse race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
military unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile
reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DartsPlayer
darts player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race
race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
musical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
architectural structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer
gridiron football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case
case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
star
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
office holder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch
football match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
music genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicComposition
classical music composition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisTournament
tennis tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian
comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideogamesLeague
videogames league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
natural place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
protected area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Baronet
baronet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant
restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
mountain range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach
college coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
noble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
video game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam
cricket team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
societal event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor
voice actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite
Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballLeague
canadian football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingRace
cycling race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage
beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballLeague
australian football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss
moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone
bone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety
cultivar (cultivated variety)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner
fashion designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason
sports season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
movie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballCoach
american football coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CareerStation
career station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Murderer
murderer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster
roller coaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballPlayer
handball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter
animanga character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park
park
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canoeist
canoeist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam
basketball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Asteroid
asteroid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeachVolleyballPlayer
beach volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BiologicalDatabase
Biological database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor
adult (pornographic) actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGene
MouseGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cave
cave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
green alga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast
gymnast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
religious building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene
gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Activity
activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix
Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballTeam
australian football team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule
Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse
lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketGround
cricket ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss
club moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer
snooker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation
train station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape
grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef
chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology
embryology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent
mixed martial arts event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisLeague
tennis league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer
cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRacingLeague
motorcycle racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion
clerical administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork
unit of work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
college
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer
badminton player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
written work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
programming language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer
tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm
law firm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brewery
brewery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
golf tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerWorldRanking
snooker world ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival
film festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Winery
winery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea
ski area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram
radio program
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopicalConcept
topical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballLeague
baseball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty
British royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsLeague
mixed martial arts league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion
fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious
religious
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NCAATeamSeason
national collegiate athletic association team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator
comics creator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation
space station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfLeague
golf league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca
mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer
Gaelic games player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoloLeague
polo league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
conifer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster
broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen
beauty queen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden
garden
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComedyGroup
Comedy Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission
space mission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketLeague
cricket league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
historic place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant
flowering plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider
motorcycle rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall
shopping mall
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese
diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
soccer player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
venue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skyscraper
skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayRider
speedway rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacer
Formula One racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PowerStation
power station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
military person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip
comic strip
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmateurBoxer
amateur boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
comics character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
World Heritage Site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrossePlayer
lacrosse player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionHost
television host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction
road junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyLeague
ice hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library
library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MythologicalFigure
mythological figure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer
american football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CurlingLeague
curling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
scuola
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
race horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rower
rower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
city
